Update docs on syncing forks (#17675)
mistercrunch/Airflow: CONTRIBUTING.rst

When you have your fork, you should periodically synchronize the main of your fork with the
Apache Airflow main. In order to do that you can ``git pull --rebase`` to your local git repository from
apache remote and push the main (often with ``--force`` to your fork). There is also an easy

> way using ``Fetch upstream`` feature as described in
> `GitHub docs <https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/syncing-a-fork>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
way to sync your fork in GitHub's web UI with the `Fetch upstream feature
<https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/syncing-a-fork#syncing-a-fork-from-the-web-ui>`_.
```
